Ah, give it all to me
Damn it cost me so much spiritual energy
Dad, the doctor said it's true, he's mentally ill
Have to go to a mental hospital for treatment
What are you doing here with a master of transportation?
Shut up
Zhenzhen, he's not your biological daughter
Of course you don't care if he lives or dies
See what you said.
After all, I have raised him for so many years
How could it be possible to watch him go crazy?
I think you are afraid that I will break your Fa-rectification
There's no way for your own daughter to be reborn
Granddaughter, I don't know about you
If I'm not mistaken
20 years ago, your daughter died in an accident
So you use the technique of five grains
Keep it in Ye Zhen's body
Three days later.
It's the best time for your daughter to be reborn
Tell the poisonous woman why I suddenly lied these days
So it was you who wanted to kill him
Dad, I really didn't
I have no idea what he's talking about.
Hmph, is it nonsense?
Just try it and you'll know
Dad save me
If you don't admit it
I will destroy him
Don't want to torture
Please, please let him go
It's my daughter again!